good
alright guys i'm on minecraft WB right
now and there's this giant oh my God
he's gonna walk it over here he's stuck
I think on the building they're all my
god what's he doing he's coming after me
there's a giant zombie oh he's he's
coming I'm just oh my oh no what oh he
got damaged can can we damage him oh oh
my goodness oh no oh I hit him a little
bit it's a lot of lag right here cuz I
suppose I keep fooling them oh I wonder
what the feathers gonna look like when I
if I kept them oh oh my gosh that is
that's actually built up there that that
gas is done at this I don't know that's
what I thought too that's actually real
let's see if he hurts me oh you're you
serious oh my gosh oh just one hit cuz
you said no
oh my goodness let me come on guy will
he die is the thing like how many times
do I have to hit him hit him a bunch of
times oh my gosh oh my gosh oh man I
like right by the spawn and minecraft WB
if you for / spawn you guys could play
go here I'm going to pipe is there
is there supposed to be a giant zombie
by spawn you don't see it oh my gosh I'm
the only one who sees it
a brew what's funny is he caught he
killed me in one hit if he's not real
how is he killing me oh my gosh there's
not even a little zombie around oh man
oh you see it oh she sees it
can you see it always moving he's moving
it's getting is getting dark this is
getting darker is getting light oh man
I'm like so pre know you can see it now
oh go do some damage do some damage
oh oh how many hearts you got left all
out ow oh my goodness I'll watch your
stuff oh my goodness oh he's kicking oh
no my sword I use my sword up on him I
don't know if they could see him go away
run away oh hey oh wait I do I have
anything man i just ate a cake i mean i
seriously had like a half a heart or
something ate a whole cake oh you lost
everything huh oh I don't think he's
going anywhere
all right Oh Judy got you again oh no
don't just talk I don't think you could
kill him I don't know if you could kill
him I think he just one hit kills you
anyway zako says hi YouTube huh I'm in a
staring match with his on me giant
zombie now oh he's he's kind of oh he's
coming after you oh she killed him yay
oh that was cool